Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Looking fabulous. my lovelies.
Today is Monday. August 11.
and it is going
to be a great day
if we choose
to make the most of it.
-Alicia.
-It's humid outside.
but there's plenty
of bright sunshine.
And it doesn't matter
if you are rich or poor.
-Sunshine is free for everyone.
-Alicia!
I get what you're doing.
I did it. too.
But these patients?
They're in the garden.
They got planted here whenever.
and they'll never go anywhere.
You can give 'em
all the love you like.
but you've only got so much
of that to go around.
Hmm.
Are you a plant. Lewis?
Hey. have you seen this?
He responded to me.
I don't know. He...
He winked or something.
It's not like
what you see in the movies.
These patients...
their brainstems are intact.
Their eyes move.
their bodies twitch.
I wanted it
to mean something. too.
But you'll see.
It's just random.
Morning. Watson.
Sherlock.
you're gonna get yourself killed
sneaking around like this.
Wouldn't be the first time.
Nice to see you. John.
You're looking a bit ripped.
has to be said.
Man of your age.
What's the story there?
I exercise.
Well. so do I.
Jumping jacks this very day.
I'll wait for my six-pack
to arrive by post.
That's mostly a diet thing.
Anyway.
it's good to see you here.
Nice city you have here.
Sense of its own history.
Commendable lack of pretension.
I'll look forward
to spending some time.
-You're staying here in Pittsburgh?
-A week. maybe.
I have some digging to do. some
time to spend with a friend.
All right. well. sounds good.
What are we digging into?
Well. how about breakfast.
for a start?
-Toad in the hole.
-No. no.
I'm not eating anything called
"toad in a hole."
Open your mind. Watson.
Sausage. Yorkshire pudding.
I have a talk
to give this morning.
and this looks like
it might mess with my stomach.
No. no. absolutely not.
That's a fabrication by press.
There is no crisis
at Diogenes Technologies.
We continue to innovate
in the field of biotechnology.
Reports
to the contrary don't come
from so-called whistleblowers.
but rather
disgruntled former employees.
My brother cuts a fine line
of bollocks.
I'm not sure he's selling it.
-Do you believe him?
-Should I believe him?
What do you know?
It's a risky thing.
holding stock
in a major corporation.
See. that sounds like
you definitely know something.
I know the man's wearing
too much makeup.
No one believes
you got a tan. Mycroft.
Are you staying here
while you're in town?
I hate to intrude.
-but it would help me keep a low profile.
-Come on. Holmes.
I stayed with you
for months at a time.
Make yourself at home.
Let me ask you.
I know you say
you barely spoke to Mycroft.
but are you really rooting
for his company to fail?
It's just brother stuff.
Shakespeare told that story
better than I ever could.
You've got a talk to give. Eat.
I'm suspicious.
Well.
what are you suspicious of?
You just said
things were going really well.
I'm suspicious of exactly that.
The little tricks
you tell us to do in here.
The pauses. the questions
we're supposed to ask ourselves
before we act.
Right now. they're working.
We're getting work done
at the clinic.
I'm getting along with everyone.
We're even going
to see Watson give grand rounds
at Van Kirk Memorial
this morning.
Like. as a group. a team.
Well. that all sounds
really positive.
Is there another word
you could use
to describe
what you've been feeling?
I'm happy.
I've been happy.
Beck?
Yeah. Sorry.
I've been holding that in
for a minute.
Look. everyone here is good
at putting on a mask.
That's what we do all day.
every day.
Ingrid is normally really good
at it.
I mean. I'm taking notes.
I'm sure the whole group is.
But that right there
was a dog's balls impression
of a happy person.
One out of ten.
What do you say
we take Ingrid at her word?
Good luck with that.
I've been
where you are right now.
Somehow I doubt that.
Yeah. I've been broke.
then rich.
Then broke. then rich again.
I mean. I could keep going.
It's a cycle
that I'm trying to break.
Hence all the
what-have-you here.
You know. eventually.
I'll build up a big enough pile
and think
everything is going to be great.
but instead. I get hung up
on this empty feeling.
"What do you want.
after you get what you want?"
Tricky place to be in.
People are going to experiment
on their own genomes
with CRISPR.
It's just a given.
I correspond
with these folks freely.
and I'm going
to continue to do that.
It's not an endorsement.
I just don't see the angle
in shunning them.
Thank you.
Does anyone have any questions
for Dr. Watson?
Yes.
Uh. thank you for coming
to our hospital. Dr. Watson.
I've read about your clinic.
It's. uh...
it's not just genetics. right?
You handle
the hardest situations?
We do our best.
We have a patient here.
Lewis Collier.
He's in a persistent
vegetative state.
-Alicia. we've been over this.
-Sorry. Dr. Watson.
I swear he responds to me.
Nurse Santos.
Dr. Watson's here
to give grand rounds.
This is a discussion
about CRISPR technology.
Does anyone have a question
on the topic?
-Great panel. Dr. Watson.
-Thank you.
-Thank you for coming.
-Of course.
Excuse me?
Nurse Santos. right?
Tell me.
I asked Lewis to blink twice
if he can understand me.
A few times. there was nothing.
but a few times.
I'm pretty sure he did.
How long has Lewis
been a patient here?
Since 2010. He had a stroke.
His wife didn't find him
until a day later
when she got back from a trip.
Have you talked
to his family about this?
The staff says that he hasn't
had a visitor in about a decade.
Look. I am not a troublemaker.
and I am not trying
to be annoying.
But what if he is in there?
What if he's just been
trapped inside himself
this entire time?
If a person
with locked-in syndrome was
to slip through the cracks.
this is how it would happen.
A stroke.
no treatment for a day.
His initial EEG was abnormal.
and they never tested it again.
We need to come up with a test
to determine
if Lewis's movements are random.
What can you tell me about him?
Looks like his wife died
a few years after his stroke.
But also. Watson. a test?
We don't work here.
Well. we're not working.
We're doing a test.
I found a blog he used to write.
Looks like
Lucky was a civil engineer.
-Lucky?
-That's how he signed the entries.
The whole thing is about
the history of bridges
in Pittsburgh.
It's actually
really interesting.
-I said. this is interesting.
-Yeah. we heard you.
Good morning. Lucky.
I'm going to ask
you a question if that's okay.
It's something
that we know you can answer.
so if you do.
we'll know you're in there.
In 2006. there was a bridge here
in the city that was renamed
after environmentalist
Rachel Carson.
Can you tell me what street
the Rachel Carson Bridge
was named after?
That's two.
Three.
Four.
He stopped on four.
The Fourth Street Bridge.
Exactly.
It's nice to meet you. Lucky.
My name is John Watson.
If you'll let me.
I want to be your doctor.
We want to hear your story.
Lucky.
When I get to the column that
has the letter you want. blink.
and then I'll run my finger
along that row. okay?
"I."
Okay. good.
Next letter.
Lucky's wife was the only
one who talked to him for years.
One day. a couple of years
after his stroke.
he noticed
that she was losing weight.
I want to do
something worthy of...
And then she had dark
circles under her eyes.
And then one day...
she was gone.
Nobody even thought
to tell Lucky what had happened.
That was it.
He spent years
watching his world go by.
My God.
We're gonna transfer Lucky
to UHOP.
I mean. too many bad memories
at Van Kirk Memorial.
He needs a fresh start.
Of course. I'll make calls.
What do we do for him
once he's here?
What can we do for him
We need to redefine the idea
of a win.
Lucky's never going to walk.
He's never going to talk.
But he still deserves
a meaningful life.
So what does that look like?
Lucky can feel the stiffness
in his muscles.
We can treat the spasticity
with a baclofen pump.
It's exhausting to communicate
using those boards.
Patients with locked-in syndrome
report pain
from the effort of having
to keep their eyes open
until it's time to blink.
I had a neuro professor at Pitt
that retired early.
He founded a company
to make a better
brain-computer interface
for patients like this.
If we can get Lucky
into a trial for the tech.
he'll be able to control
a computer just by thinking.
Perfect.
See if you can get a meeting
with him.
"I wanna tell you a joke
"about someone
who only eats plants.
You've never heard
of herbivore."
Yeah. That.
Lucky is a remarkable man.
A true testament to
the human spirit in many ways.
He also likes puns.
"Did you know they won't be
making yardsticks any longer?"
He's a hero.
He also has
a terrible sense of humor.
Sherlock?
Holmes?
"Wield me"?
Allez. Watson!
Ha!
Not bad. my friend.
You've kept up
with your single stick?
No. I'm just athletic.
You have any idea
why your brother's calling me?
Did you answer?
Why is he calling me?
I suspect he wants to know
if you've heard from me.
The world thinks
you've been dead for a year.
Why would he want to know that?
Of course
you know I'm an amateur chemist.
amongst other things.
Mycroft founded
Diogenes Technologies
based on something
that came out of my lab.
He cut me in. just enough
so he didn't quite steal it.
But when I died... "died"...
most of what I had went
to various causes.
including your clinic.
To my brother.
I left a new chemical formula.
I explained that
as a... a final gift.
a path to a hard-won peace.
So. what was it. really?
There are certain flaws
in the formula.
Flaws that are only
revealing themselves
now that contracts are signed
and the product's
out in the world.
It's a proper mess for Mycroft.
Who knows where it all ends?
So you bankrupted
your brother's company?
Better. perhaps.
to imagine a chain reaction.
A process. once begun.
that can lead only
to transformation.
You're bankrupting a bunch
of companies?
Cracks in the foundation.
Watson.
One edifice crumbles.
a better one arises.
Mycroft knows I have guile.
He probably suspects I wouldn't
have set this in motion
unless I can enjoy the show.
So you're not here
investigating.
You're more just...
hiding out in Pittsburgh.
You know
you can't do cocaine here.
I haven't touched the stuff
in years.
Okay. but when you're not busy.
you're bored.
And when you're bored...
Well. we both know
what happens when you get bored.
How could I be bored. my friend?
I've got you.
And I've got
the best show on Earth.
Repercussions of Diogenes'
tumble continue to be felt
across the en...
Good morning. Mr. Collier.
Shinwell Johnson.
First year nursing student and
general dogsbody to John Watson.
You're moving
to UHOP today. guv.
Dr. Watson sent me to observe.
and to see if there's anything
you want to discuss
before the move?
I have to get that.
That's the second call in a row.
He's not going to stop.
Hey. Shinwell.
No. I got in early. I am...
the only one here.
Erase that. Erase that.
Sorry.
Uh. just talking to myself.
No. I-I don't know
why Watson's not picking up.
What's up?
Lucky said what?
"Someone on this floor
dies today."
Lucky said that?
What does it mean?
Shinwell's not sure.
Lucky's not communicated since.
He's probably wiped out
from the past day.
Maybe it's the beginning
of a pun.
We'll ask him
when he comes back around.
In the meantime.
can the two of you head over
to Van Kirk
to help with the transfer?
I'll make sure the room's ready.
What's this?
Oh. uh. just a project
I want to do around here.
Hmm.
Well. the two of you are not
gonna be doing a project
in my office.
Not today. not tomorrow.
not ever.
Understood?
Yup.
You're sure
this guy's going to show up?
Dr. Schiff
was fanatically punctual.
-Not sure what's going on.
-Huh.
-How do you handle it?
-Hmm?
Being sober.
doing the work.
Seems like a grind.
seems tedious.
It can be.
You probably fly
through some days.
and then there are probably
others when it's just too much.
I mean. following a playbook.
how to work on yourself.
Always.
Every single freaking moment.
Are we still talking about me?
Don't you ever... I don't know...
have a cheat day?
I do.
I have.
Ingrid.
Oh.
How are you?
Dr. Schiff.
Thank you for meeting us here.
-Um. this is Adam Croft.
-Hi.
Call me Ethan.
It's been a while
since you were in med school.
Ethan. The brain-computer
interface you're working on.
We just took on a patient that
would be a perfect candidate...
I don't work
at Schiff Interfaces anymore.
I don't work anywhere
at the moment.
I'm doing some guest lecturing
until
I can pick up a faculty job.
But aren't you... Schiff?
I wish that mattered.
I have partners.
We're in a lawsuit.
A couple of different lawsuits. actually.
You invented the BCI.
It's yours.
I know. And it's beautiful.
Everything else. unfortunately?
Ugly.
I. uh...
I brought the names of some of
the best interfaces out there.
The patient's been in the ICU
for nearly 16 years.
He's been bankrupt.
We need a clinical trial.
I wish I could help.
Maybe take this just in case.
It's good to see you. Ingrid.
Thank you.
That is why I work very hard
not to take a cheat day.
He's drunk.
It's 11:00 a.m.
Trust me.
I've spent a lot of time
in meetings with people
pretending to be sober.
Morning. Lucky.
We should be moving you
within an hour.
Everyone at UHOP's
looking forward to having you.
Doctors.
can I have a moment?
The patient's name
was Cynthia Sawyer.
They pronounced her
not ten minutes ago.
"Someone on this floor
dies today."
Lucky's message from earlier.
How could he have known?
It's an intensive care unit.
People die all the time.
Sure. I guess.
Watson?
Detective Lestrade.
How've you been?
Divorced. I've been divorced.
She took the half of
my net worth that was left over
from all the others
that got took.
How many divorces we talking?
This would make three.
But hey.
I'm on the market now. handsome.
Is that why you called?
No. I have this patient.
He's been in the hospital
for a long time now.
and I think he saw...
Well. he thinks he saw
this nurse inject something
into a patient's IV.
That patient died.
It looked intentional.
You're treating
a murder witness?
Well. he could be a witness
to multiple murders.
There's this one nurse.
Now. she's not always there. so
I figure she's a travel nurse.
But every time
she's on Lucky's floor.
someone dies.
So. this Lucky?
He's seen a bunch of killings.
but he's just now getting around
to telling someone about it?
It's complicated.
Can I talk to him?
Depends on what you mean
by "talk."
Lucky.
Pretty ballsy name
for a guy in his position.
I'm sorry. Your position.
I get it now.
I mean.
I'm still completely confused.
but I get
why this case is a "you" thing.
-What are you confused about?
-This gentleman
has a fixed perspective
on the world. let's call it.
And I'm supposed to believe
that. every so often.
a nurse walks right into that
little box and does a murder?
And in all that time.
he's never read a name tag
or seen the woman's face?
Well. I only have
a detailed description
of the first time it happened.
And he didn't see a face then.
but doesn't mean
it never happened.
Can we. you know?
He hasn't said anything
for a while.
It's exhausting to communicate
the way Lucky does.
Once he gets some rest.
we'll know more.
Hmm.
"In limbo.
setting the bar low means
setting the bar very high."
Yeah. well he. um...
he likes puns.
This was on his patient board
at Van Kirk.
so we copied it here.
Listen. you know I'm game.
Run tests on that woman
that died at Van Kirk today.
I'll sit with you
when Lucky comes back around.
But until then. you either need
a lot more information
or a much better detective.
You got one of those
lying around?
Actually. I do.
-Hey. screw you.
-No. don't be salty.
I just happen to have
the best detective in the world.
You're looking for a woman.
Five foot six or taller.
weighing more than ten stone.
She worked in emergency rooms
during the pandemic.
and likely has
an orthopedic heel on one shoe.
That's cool. That's cool.
I still don't know
how you do that.
but it's cool.
How do you do that. seriously?
Consider the facts.
A consideration becomes
an inference.
an inference
becomes a deduction.
Uh-huh. So you don't want
to tell me how you did it?
You know. I'm-a get
the single sticks.
-That was a fluke.
-No. Holmes. it was not a fluke.
Of course. this woman.
Murder Nurse.
didn't just plop herself down
in front of Lucky
and kill over and over again.
In fact.
that night back in 2020 might be
the only time she did that.
But your man.
vision is not his only tool.
Can't move his head.
so it's not even his best one.
So you're saying that
Lucky can hear her?
I think your nurse
has a sonic signature.
When Lucky hears this.
he knows she's back.
Soon. cometh the sound
of a code on the floor.
Chaos. then the
sacramental hush of death.
Murder Nurse has struck again.
She's larger than average.
makes heavy footfalls.
so must be something distinct
about the pattern.
Okay. what about the ER? COVID?
It's the flourish on my part.
but the reasoning's sound.
I believe she commenced
this grim business in 2020.
Nurses in the front line
were getting shouted at.
spat on. read for filth.
Your woman channels her contempt
for patients toward the weakest
and most vulnerable among them.
Hmm.
Oh. no. again?
It's not even breakfast.
-Eat your toad in the hole.
-Oh. man. this is.
this is awful.
I'm not here.
Hey. Mary.
Is. uh. everything okay?
You told the fellows
there's a nurse
killing people
at Van Kirk Memorial.
and then you just disappeared.
You haven't been responding
to anybody.
Yeah. I got locked
in a train of thought. um...
Oh. I'm sorry. I didn't realize
you had company.
I don't. Oh. I will.
I-I was going to.
Listen. I have to get back
to the office.
I want the names of all
the travel nurses at Van Kirk.
I'll make some calls.
What about your thing?
You're just gonna leave it here?
Ingrid. something on your mind?
Nothing.
I'm good tonight.
Everything's stable.
I can translate there.
She's bored.
She's gonna do
something dangerous.
I'm not bored. I'm normal.
You want details?
Fine.
There's a patient at the clinic.
he needs this BCI.
a brain-computer interface.
A doctor I know
just changed the game there.
but he partnered
with these venture capitalists
who have it all
tied up in court.
You do sound bored.
Annoyed is not bored.
I want to help this patient.
The situation sucks.
Still think you have
a big mistake incoming.
This company. what's it called?
Schiff Interfaces.
That sounds like
Schiff Interfaces has...
someone like us on
the other side of this lawsuit.
A member of
the antisocial tribe.
I don't know how you counter.
unless you're willing to get
down in the mud. gouge eyes.
-Like we do.
-Like we did.
Thank you. Glen.
Because in therapy.
we don't gouge eyes.
so I guess your patient
is just... boned.
Lucky.
They say you're in there.
What a story.
I talked to a couple of the
girls over at Van Kirk today.
Nurses. we...
we love to chatter.
They say there's
an investigation into a woman
who died in their ICU yesterday?
They say you're the one
who started the whole thing.
Lucky.
Lost to the world.
but watching us the whole time.
What did you see?
What did you say?
Well. doesn't matter too much.
Most patients.
they're like most people.
Staring at their phones.
Scrolling through
conspiracy theories.
getting meaner and dumber
every second.
That's not you. though.
You seem like
something different.
And this...
this might sound weird.
but I wish you well.
Lucky's been unresponsive
for too long.
He's lying limp.
his eyes are half closed.
Maybe another stroke?
We should do a non-contrast CT
to check for
intracranial bleeding.
It could be an infection
causing stroke recrudescence.
Beats a stroke by a long way.
Treat the infection. the
non-responsiveness goes away.
Exactly. CBC. blood cultures.
urinalysis. urine cultures.
Okay. good. Get it all going.
Or...
the man saw a murder.
That makes him very inconvenient
for the killer in question.
Key word being "killer."
If Murder Nurse wanted Lucky
dead. wouldn't he be dead?
Probably. Maybe.
It's a tricky thing.
killing someone.
Why are you all
looking at me like that?
Dr. Derian makes a good point.
Murder Nurse could have
been interrupted.
This could've been a first step
in a two-stage plan.
This kind of thing has happened
before plenty of times.
unfortunately.
Look into angels of death.
find out what type
of methods they used.
see if any of those can explain
Lucky's change in status.
I got the travel nurses
at Van Kirk.
The one on top?
According to her supervisor.
she wears an orthotic shoe.
-"Haven Henry."
-John.
she has a contract here. too.
at the South Hills satellite.
Yeah. we got you now.
Mr. Collier.
And I ain't gonna leave
this room until you're better.
All right?
This woman has
a distinctive footfall.
It's more audible
than it would be otherwise
because she's heavier than
average with a distinctive gait.
That's how Lucky tracked
her comings and goings?
We hope to get more from Lucky.
but. hey. it all makes sense.
It's brilliant.
Extravagant. but brilliant.
I want to meet this guy.
the world's greatest detective.
I'm-I'm sorry. who?
You ran out yesterday.
and you said
you had access to the
world's greatest detective.
I assume that's why I'm holding
this personnel file.
Yeah. that was just
a figure of speech.
I'm sorry. if you're right.
this woman has been
killing people for years.
She is on her second
travel contract at my hospital.
What can we do?
Well. she's not at UHOP now.
is she?
No. I told her supervisor
to have her stay home today
and say we're overstaffed.
They'll keep her off the floor
at Van Kirk. too.
All right. well.
that's under control.
I can call the other hospitals
that she's worked for.
build a paper trail.
But without actual evidence
or an eyewitness.
I can't arrest her.
We need Lucky back.
We're working on it.
What about insulin?
Worked for Elizabeth Wettlaufer.
Lucky's glucose is normal.
Tests came back ten minutes ago.
Paralytic?
It-It's not a murder method
when you're ventilated.
but it explains
pretty much everything.
A shot wouldn't last that long.
and we know that Lucky's
not getting repeated injections.
Oh. um.
can I get a number for your
old professor? Dr. Schiff?
Why? He can't help us.
I'm trying to help him.
if he wants it.
It's called a Twelfth Step call.
Someone's suffering. you visit.
tell them there's a better way.
if they're looking for one.
What do you get out of it?
I get to stay sober today. hopefully.
I get to work the steps.
Ugh. "The work."
It is boring.
But it's also
how you get better.
Why are all those crossed off?
Uh. because they're bad ideas.
I'll be the judge of that.
Call Sasha and Stephens.
Tell them to meet us
in Lucky's room
with a crash cart
and four milligrams
per kilogram of sugammadex.
Why would he need a crash cart?
A paralytic won't kill Lucky.
but a paralytic
makes perfect sense.
Explain that. please.
Murder Nurse
would only move against Lucky
if she knew she was suspect.
-Murder Nurse? Haven Henry.
-Let's keep things simple.
If Murder Nurse kills Lucky.
the spotlight turns on her.
People are reviewing
security cameras on his floor.
-It's bad for her.
-Exactly.
But if she filled his IV bag
with rocuronium.
meaning he gets
a continuous dose over time.
Lucky's still alive.
The world thinks he's just
not responding right now.
Murder Nurse can come back.
keep him paralyzed
again and again
until things calm down.
Then she has a window
to do what she needs to do.
Which is murder. by the way.
Why do we need a crash cart?
Murder Nurse gave Lucky
a paralytic in his IV bag.
He plans to administer
the sugammadex.
It's dangerous. though.
If we don't know
how much paralytic Lucky got.
we don't know how much
of the reversal agent he needs.
And if we get the dosage wrong.
Lucky can go into anaphylaxis.
That's what
the crash cart is for.
Prepare a dose of epinephrine.
We could just wait
for the paralytic to wear off.
Lucky is suffering now.
He's the target
of a serial killer.
We're not waiting.
Keep that epi ready.
If I'm right about this.
Lucky will be able
to move his eyelids
to communicate
in 30 seconds or less.
Lucky.
I hope that you can hear me.
and I really hope
you can respond.
Do you recognize this woman?
Is this the woman
you've been talking about?
Blink twice if it is.
That's one blink. He's back.
And there's two.
Get Detective Lestrade.
We've got our witness.
Cynthia Sawyer. the woman
who just died at Van Kirk.
We have her initial tests back.
She had evidence
of synthetic insulin
in her blood. but she wasn't
being treated for diabetes.
She's injecting insulin
to induce hypoglycemia.
Haven Henry.
That's how she's killing people.
You've all been looking into
her jobs. What have you learned?
She works in Indianapolis.
I've been tracking
15 suspicious deaths so far.
Another 11 in Grand Rapids.
And here? Pittsburgh? UHOP?
Cynthia Sawyer.
a few others at Van Kirk.
UHOP South Hills doesn't have
a long-term care unit.
so nothing there.
Just spoke
to Detective Lestrade.
Haven Henry flew to London
right after her supervisor
told her to stay home.
From there. she took a Hastings
Airline flight to Hanoi.
It lands in four hours.
So. we tell it to turn around.
It's no longer in our airspace.
Our laws don't apply.
It's registered to Britain.
We've reached out.
but it's gonna take time.
She'll be on the ground soon.
On the ground in Vietnam?
Where there's
no extradition treaty?
What do we do?
Well. it's not
a medical issue anymore.
It's law enforcement now.
Watson. this woman
has killed patients
all over the Northeast.
Here in Pittsburgh.
We still got four hours.
You've all come so far.
I'm grateful for that.
Keep at it. I'll check in.
-Where are you going?
-I said. keep at it!
I will check in.
Sherlock?
I have to leave
earlier than expected.
Sorry we didn't get a chance
to dig into
the Pittsburgh mystery.
-We'd have fun there. Watson.
-I need your help.
There's a plane
that's in the air.
A murderer is on her way
to Vietnam.
It's traveling through
several countries' airspaces
within 30 minutes.
Now. when it lands.
we're gonna lose her forever.
That is a pickle. Which airline?
Hastings.
Holmes. what...?
Inspector
Gregson's office. please.
Yes. hello.
Um. this is a concerned citizen.
Is the inspector there?
I-I have a tip.
Fair enough. Could you please
tell him I have a friend...
real name Richard Bent.
he may be flying
under an alias...
he's on Hastings Air Flight...
-429.
I found certain journals.
which are alarming.
I believe he's planning
to set off a bomb.
either in the air
or when it lands.
Thank you.
You just called in
a terror threat.
More like a threat of a threat.
Anyway. they'll ground
that plane.
Make sure to grab
Miss Murder Nurse when they do.
"Thank you. Sherlock."
I'm worried about you. Sherlock.
I'm really worried. I mean.
listen. helping one person.
curing a disease.
catching a criminal.
I get all of that.
It seems like you're out
to help the whole world.
That's dangerous.
There are a lot of bad people
that got started just like that.
Lucky for us.
I'm not a bad person.
"The new Allegheny River
Turnpike Bridge
"is currently
under construction.
"The current old bridge.
a sturdy.
trusty old marvel
of truss construction..."
I hear you have news.
I do indeed. Hastings Air
Flight 429 has been grounded
in the nation of Bosnia
and Herzegovina.
Haven Henry is on her way back
to the USA.
and I will be there
at the airport to meet her.
Incredible. What a break.
Tell me about this
world's greatest detective.
calls in the odd bomb threat?
There's nothing to tell.
I guess we got lucky.
Why'd you want to meet
in Lucky's room?
Maybe I heard this is where
the good puns are hiding.
Maybe I heard
about another candidate
for the loneliest person
in the world.
and my competitive
instincts kick in.
Maybe I just get stuck
in my own head. too.
I think about divorce.
bank statements.
dying alone.
I like this guy.
He doesn't interrupt.
I'll leave you to it.
Until next time. Dr. Watson.
Don't be a stranger.
"I remember my dad
used to complain bitterly
about how terrible
the traffic was when crossing."
Dr. Schiff? Ethan. sorry.
I was surprised
to hear from you.
-Is everything okay?
-Yes.
Better than okay. actually.
Things are good.
It's been a while
since I could say that.
The venture capital firm
that I got in bed with?
They dropped their lawsuit.
Really? Did they say why?
No idea.
They're stepping back.
A minority partnership.
The brain-computer interface.
it's mine again.
I would love to welcome
your patient into a trial.
You don't know anything
about how this happened. do you?
Of course not.
Sorry. It's just so
out of the blue.
I'm looking for a reason.
Congratulations.
I'll arrange a meet for you two.
Ingrid?
You don't know why
your-your colleague
keeps leaving me messages.
do you?
No clue. Maybe call him back.
You're not gonna say thank you?
For what?
Schiff Interfaces.
I know the VCs. I called them.
Mm. you call them.
and they drop their lawsuit?
Well. I have this kid
at the incubator.
He's got everyone excited
about some AI thing.
Honestly. I'm not even sure
if it's a good idea.
but the space is white-hot.
That's right. You have
an incubator. it's called?
I promised the kid's idea
to the VCs at Schiff.
but only if they
settled their lawsuit
and brought the doctor in
from the cold.
Took about ten seconds.
The interface
never scaled past patients
with locked-in syndrome.
And why would you do all that?
I don't know.
Fun.
To gouge eyes.
Or maybe because
you asked me to.
Don't remember that.
Yeah. you did.
The other day.
when you shared. you asked.
Well done.
Anyway. you're welcome.
I'm not going to say thank you.
But when we're done
with the session today.
you can give me your address.
If it's clean. and you're
there alone at 9:00 tonight.
I'll be there.
Told you. Big mistake incoming.
More like a cheat day.
You're both here. Good.
Uh...
Let's get started.
You waiting for me?
You've done a good job
with these fellows. John.
They all want to do extra work.
They all want to do good work.
And I'm proud of them.
All of them.
Then why did you bail twice
when they're trying
to help you fix a problem?
You ran out on that detective.
too. from what it sounds like.
They all feel that.
Now. the fellows.
they haven't complained to me.
and I'd tell them to take it up
with you if they did.
but I promise you. they feel it.
Is everything okay. John?
Guv? Guv?
John Watson.
I trust you remember me.
My name is Mycroft Holmes.
Yes. of course.
Good to see you again.
You as well.
Forgive the surprise.
I find it best
in these situations
to drop in unannounced.
"These situations"?
Well. I'm here to evaluate
my investment in this clinic.
Sherlock funded
this clinic. not you.
My brother is dead. isn't he?
Sherlock excelled
at many things.
but I can assure you
that crafting
impregnable legal language
was not one of them.
My brother may have
founded this clinic.
but it functions now
under my auspices.
Shall we have a chat?
♪ Scab ♪
♪ In the shape of my face ♪
♪ A version of me ♪
♪ Falling free ♪
♪ Scab ♪
There it is.
♪ In the shape of my heart... ♪
The Rachel Carson Bridge.
How's she looking these days?
♪ Of one that loved so free... ♪
You know what? I agree.
I couldn't see it
until you taught me to see it.
But I do believe that is
the most beautiful thing
in the world.
Captioning sponsored by CBS
Captioned by Media Access
Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm